 according to the 4884-year statistics, the eight-year-old man, who had a property of property, have to be paid to the 83 men.
 in addition to the legal norms of the convention, the provisions of the convention will be incorporated into the legal norms of the convention.
 during the 1 quarter of 1993, during the 1 quarter of 1993, the economic performance performances during the 1 quarter of 1993.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted this recommendation and pointed out that the candidates should be included in the roster of the candidates.
 the 1 step of the 2 phase of the 2 phase is calling for a grade of grade as a basis for remuneration.
 according to the gradual development of china's tourism market, the price price price of these zones may continue to rise.
 as a matter of fact, the current vacancy rate of the shopping centre and the street stalls in the street has reached 5 years.
 the most difficult situation in peace-keeping is the most difficult to predict, since it is predicted that there can be significant changes in the year's assumption.
 it is important to take into account the intentions of the country, rather than the form of instruments.
 a spokesman for israel said that the occupying forces will stay too long for long periods.
 some people believe that this action would not be possible if it is open to open and transparent consultations.
 this is very useful for member states to understand the complexity of the issues dealt with by the court.
 the family family planning association was established in january 1996, which is now a major non-governmental organization for reproductive health.
 states parties to report the most critical health problems affecting women in the country.
 it exercises the power of the international treaty, therefore, and in fact it is a subject of international law.
 although the current activities are still limited, the size of space activities in the future will be expanded.
 it is therefore necessary to investigate and strive for the facts.
 there is a need for resources and predictions of resources.
 the international community should be able to understand that the international community has taken place by the council of the united nations.
 parents are unable to keep the responsibility of the responsibilities and the responsibility of the responsibilities of the responsibilities.
 " i am pleased to see that the two systems of the two systems have been implemented in hong kong, hong kong people enjoy the fruits of this system.
 on the list of speakers today, the representative of malaysia, on behalf of the 21 group, will speak on behalf of the group of 21.
 the government understands that the hos scheme is to avoid competition with private property market and to maintain both the two of them.
 we explore the strengthening of the strengthening of the strengthening of the united nations in consultation with the relevant countries.
 in accordance with annex i to the basic law, the 2 chief executive will be elected by the chief executive for election.
 if a person is a guarantee guarantee, the person has to pay appropriate attention to prevent the use of the installation of the device.
 it also established a international e-commerce network in the country, and was successfully held in october 1998.
 the growth in the gross domestic product in 1996 is a growth rate of 4.0<unk> to 5.0<unk>.
 following the first visit to visit china, women's queens and edinburglo will visit hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile made a strong protest to the detonation of new nuclear devices on 8 june 1996.
 as for the reasons mentioned above in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claim for military volunteers is not compensable.
 the decision should be made by the president of the general assembly with the chairman of the group of regional groups.
 the long-standing problems between the two countries, as well as in the regular budget, has enabled the government of the republic of belarus to make its contribution to the organization.
 it is a member of the delegation of the world trade organization (unass) and the united states between india and the united states.
 the warmth of the warmth of the warmth of the chinese children's family, he decided to have a new and european culture.
 however, the committee noted that the services of the country was not good.
 article 54 of the constitution refers to the establishment of an education system for this purpose to establish the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury, a spokesman for the treasury, said today (december 30) that the use of internet payment is to be registered.
 mr tsang, in conclusion, express his gratitude to the construction of marine staff, and other interested parties.
 okay, let's continue to look at other news.
 at the same time, a number of solutions to these groups require a number of preconditions.
 on the 8 of the 8 tropical cyclones, the hong kong tropical cyclone warned that the city of hong kong will gradually return to normal.
 it was regrettable that the draft prepared draft was incompatible with the draft convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities would like to solve these problems.
 official languages, including english, french, spanish, spanish and spanish, are also romanian.
 in the exchange of transactions in hong kong, hong kong and the local non-financial customers are conducted by local local institutions and local local financial institutions.
 " in the long run, we are planned to build more multi-storeys for more multi-storeys.
 it is crucial that there is a need for results, which will be feasible for multilateral cooperation in the future.
 the culprit was then arrested and sentenced to theft.
 fears have been expressed for the humanitarian relief of the region in the region.
 the indictment has been appealed by the indictment, so that the chamber was transferred to france.
 the slowdown in the slowdown in the economic slowdown in the promotion of economic and social stability has led us to economic and social stability.
 the week is one or seven days.
 we have entered the world, through the united nations, through the united nations, and cooperates between the north and east.
 thirdly, special emphasis was placed on local, enterprises and public participation in sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations can play a key role in making information and communication technologies to promote the development of developing countries.
 he says, " i don't know about the sword, " he said.
 (15) there is an international perspective in the context of and in mind.
 it has been 2 months since 11 september.
 the ministry of foreign affairs of the ministry of agriculture stated that the measures of the national defence control and control of human rights is quite effective.
 chile agrees that the preventive deployment of the united nations peacekeeping force will be in a stable manner and can prevent the errors of conflict.
 however, in this critical juncture, it is clear that the terrorist coalitions have to be clear and acknowledgement of the enemy.
 i am extremely hopeful that the executive authorities can make a better sense of dialogue with different voices.
 a spokesman for the african group, on behalf of the african group, commendifemifies the efforts made by unifem.
 the chinese government intends to carry out the final plan in the early next year.
 at the end of the past ten years, the ancient of the ancient-year-old town of the ancient river.
 as part of the day-to-day supervision work, the hkma will continue to monitor closely the credit card operations.
 in our country, the arab language is the 2 official languages.
 university leaders and teachers.
 credentials shall be issued by the heads of state or government or by the minister for foreign affairs.
 there is a wide range of statistics on the social and social sectors of the public.
 the vast majority of member states showed that they had an increase in an increase in the number of members of the council and a permanent member.
 customers can take the first six months after the issue of a special issue on special stamps.
 the secretary for education, mr joseph lai, visited the secretary for education and other education and other education and the education department.
 in 1971, the hong kong son of hong kong was established in taiwan.
 it is not easy to determine whether voters and electoral activities can be determined by the judge.
 the united nations membership of the south pacific states of the south pacific states deeply regrets that the resumption of the resumption of nuclear tests in the pacific pacific nuclear tests.
 the age of age is 15 years old.
 the service fee is $ 2020.
 the bulldozers took place in many in many cases, in many cases.
 these actions can be the police, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officials, law enforcement officials, law enforcement officials and the public.
 as a matter of fact, it is to be a member of the european parliament.
 at present, there is a rapid change in the concept of national sovereignty, national security, national security and the implementation of the concept of peace.
 such enquiries can help to identify genuine responsibility to identify genuine responsibility at the time of the space.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the co-chairmen of the co-chairmen of the co-chairmen.
 the committee affirms its need to strengthen the process of the nation-building process, consolidate the rule of law, democracy and civil society.
 the conference urges the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, which includes the immediate establishment of such institutions.
 israelis and shelters have been damaged by the israeli army to stop an end.
 it is also more consistent with the structure of the structure, and the content of the language is more consistent.
 this is not only a high price of housing prices, not only the government's administration and experts.
 if he does not talk about a halt, he would need to make a halt to the hearts of my heart.
 we do not have a professional understanding of the academics of the academics of the academic profession, and we do not have a ears.
 as the saying goes, it will be wrong. "
 it is expected that a large state party will be able to speed up the surface of the new millennium democratic party.
 after the days of the days of the days of the days of the days of the days of the days, there is a light of lights.
 in the mainland, the mainland is open to taiwan to go to taiwan.
 the most common aspect of the nature of the nature of the function is the navigational zone and the exclusive economic zone of the sea, the zone.
 the spokesman reminded members of the public to take part in such cases, if any doubts are suspected, please report to the police as soon as possible.
 the director-general of the director-general of mr chan was officially elected director-general on november 9, november last year.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in the absence of international covenants, there is a requirement for the implementation of national laws on extradition.
 the universal declaration of human rights was launched by the united nations general assembly on 10 december 1948.
 the committee commends the widespread protection of human rights in the constitution of slovenia, in particular the protection of women.
 er, on this, there was no room for the world.
 the principle of non-discrimination is therefore a constitutional principle.
 we are in the process of celebrating a historical process of history, which is extremely uncertain and in many political difficulties.
 since the opening of the government's internet, the print web site has increased from april 6000 to november.
 this situation does not appear in the case in the case.
 the state party may wish to address the problem in the near future.
 the results of the work of the commission must depend on the capacity of its members and the commissions.
 the letter of authorization of letter must be signed by the original school.
 the current contract has already signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed in september 2002.
 as you know, as you know, we do not mean that it is not important to do so.
 it was generally felt that the international community's ceased to put an end to the conflict in conflict.
 one of the requirements is to assess the damage caused by floods in crops and infrastructure.
 as a result, the government will also have to be prepared to consider the co-operation between hong kong and cross-border coalitions.
 with regard to the mano river union, the regional office must assist the implementation of the three ministers on confidence-building measures in september and october.
 the offence and the maximum limits of murder, explosives, and the maximum limits of a crime, is the lowest and the highest limits.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullets were fired by gunmen.
 at the time of the analysis of the waiting time, the applicants are generally divided into three categories.
 this is one of the main reasons for the spread of aids.
 as a result of the modern modern era, it is a product of modernized.
 this would be possible to ensure that peace and harmony in peace and harmony is to promote the development of the different national and cultural development of the world.
 in the context of food prices, i do not know how the business community can do so.
 this is not only the capacity of our local film production film service to enable hong kong to produce a customer service service centre in asia.
 i would like to understand that everyone will understand, and we have finally come to the membership of the membership.
 in the case of good health, the symptoms are mostly more minor.
 the coordination and coordination of issues related to the relevant united nations bodies is also appropriate.
 in the face of the " product " products of the market, parents can find a lot of choices and choices for a better personal condition.
 if there are more double-digit figures, it is certainly very serious.
 for those vietnamese persons who are unable to resettle the vietnameses and laos, will continue to seek voluntary repatriation.
 experience shows that the new system of new systems in 1999.
 at the same time, the moratorium on nuclear testing has maintained a moratorium on nuclear testing.
 article 31 of the basic law stipulates that hong kong residents have travel and travel to hong kong residents.
 they also felt that this might create a precedent, which led to the adoption of a notification by all types of vessels.
 right.
 since the government has been aware of the problem, the government will never give legal advice to the government.
 by august 1997, 34 chinese state-owned enterprises were listed in hong kong through a total of $ 70000000000 in hong kong.
 so far, monuc's air and land assets have been transported to goma to the goma to the goma.
 the committee expresses its appreciation to the board's presentation of globalization and new technologies in the 21 century.
 under this approach, the gap between men and women are reflected in the gap between men and women.
 on the other hand, on the other hand, it was impossible to conduct trade in egypt.
 madam president, the procession, in fact, is not a small group of people, and it is not always a political request.
 the delay would affect the credibility of some about the credibility.
 146. recently, the corporate and foundations of the private sector, the private sector and the foundation for cooperation with the united nations in cooperation with the united nations.
 there are no other comments, " <unk> "
 i am excited.
 there are two types of identity cards, which is one of the israelis to form the israelis, and another is another.
 as the time limit is limited, i have not been able to share all the services.
 this is a matter of concern that britain's recent political developments in the united kingdom will not help hong kong as early as possible.
 the model comprises a model model for the development of three per cent of the gulfs 3 per cent of the gulf, and the oil tanker.
 9 percentage points of the growth in currency exchange rates were changed.
 typical illicit arms transactions are carried out by the control of arms and export facilities.
 switzerland does not tolerate the use of the swiss financial system in switzerland, and in the future, they have done so.
 most of the vacancies will apply for graduates from a diploma or degree degree, with a range of $ 8000 to $ 6000 per month.
 table 1 shows the gross value of construction works in the 3 quarter of 1999.
 in respect of the details of the functions of the commission, please see the " financial and capital commission act ".
 it is hoped that in the near future, the croatian television broadcasts in the near future.
 the commonwealth of civil society is a significant complement and support of official activities in the commonwealth of commonwealth.
 the chinese delegation is of the view that the current international nuclear disarmament effort is now moving at the end of the 10 cross cross-reams and future.
 as a result of more time, mr leung yiu-chung has more time. therefore, i would like to make my support.
 the observer for the indians, africa and the inter-american association, considered that the non-religian population should be recognized as a minority in argentina.
 " we are now conducting an annual survey of their employers every year to investigate the performance of university graduates.
 we are not aware of the chinese version. it is very likely that hong kong officials will find some excuses for the mainland.
 the commissioner was held in new york on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 the model law, however, has been introduced in the model law (i.e. <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 it is therefore a very low gap that is expected to implement the gap between the implementation of the country programme.
 the commission will consider the specific topics for consideration.
 " the sar has warmly supported the wto as soon as possible.
 for example, in sub-saharan africa, the sub-saharan africa region is only a phone telephone.
 the press must respect the dignity and reputation of the staff and staff of the bodies.
 the israeli authorities also closed several days in the gaza strip on several occasions between the gaza strip and egypt.
 as a result of the speed up of unloading, faster programmes have been reduced, and all sectors are therefore benefited.
 as a result of the printer's print.
 3. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2 with knowledge, technology and entrepreneurship capability to come to hong kong.
 she wanted to do what can be done.
 it is indeed difficult to talk about taiwan's children's children's children.
 as a result, it is possible for the calculation of the cost.
 as a matter of fact, housing secretary invites me to talk about this relationship with the redevelopment zone.
 an independent expert group was entrusted to an independent expert group to encourage the consultants to work in a transparent manner.
 i do not have a lot of eyes, but they often heard such reports.
 (a) interested companies who are interested in cyberport for the cyberport's company to submit applications for the use of standard application applications.
 for movies, the " maggon " and the " marrying ", " says mr. boggon ", " says mr. boggon " and alexander ".
 the united nations will face the test.
 the director of health, mr. director of health, said that he could reach some four years later.
 it is very difficult.
 in the department's central agencies, women accounted for more than 50 per cent of the existing staff, of which 1<unk>3 of the staff posts.
 the court believes that the buyer did not fulfil its obligations for the purchase price.
 the independent human rights associations of the region should be associated with the commission on human rights in the region.
 if 159 member states of the draft sponsorship of the draft sponsor this session will be a real olympic performance.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report on 16 august 2002.
 the sfc has recently pledged to make a report on the status of hong kong's financial centre in this year.
 the meeting was of the view that the election of the general assembly is the privileges of the general assembly, rather than the privileges of the security council.
 the visitors will also take the return of a modern civilization.
 we have set a big goal to develop hong kong as an international city in asia.
 on the other hand, the director-general of social welfare director, director of social welfare, mr lam cheng-yuen, and the fund management committee, is a member of the hk$ 80 per copy.
 the mrs selina chow proposes to strengthen the use of " juvenile police " for the use of " juvenile police ".
 there was a breakthrough in the overseas markets.
 to mr lee cheuk-yan's amendment to mr lee cheuk-yan, i would like to point out that mr lee's argument is in fact wrong.
 shanghai's international trade and export company, shanghai province of zhejiang province, is similar to the above-mentioned situation.
 the hong kong shipping shipping corporation (csc) is determined to provide a commercial decision on the domestic ship ships.
 it is a priority to help the people of sierra leone and people in the united states after the eight years of civil war.
 according to he said, history has changed in itself.
 the development of the transitional government has demonstrated the role of states in the economic and social development of the country.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider the expansion of the competence of the employment bureau to incorporate all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force for the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo, which has no impetus to international support.
 industrialization, however, the industrialized partners still need to work many work, reducing tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica stated that the delegation had always been very active in its mandate.
 israel is proud of the ancient traditions of the country with the entire world.
 <unk> the office of the office of the office of the office of the office of the services department, mr. tsai, will be director of the information services department.
 the dancers of the dancers are divided into the gods of flowers.
 the situation in the united nations social area is the most worrying.
 as a result, the doctor said that the child has been infected with a child.
 the questionnaire has been sent to all programmes and donor governments, the national team and the united nations agencies.
 in addition to the discovery of the screening of the group, they don't forget to see the world.
 the aim is to exert pressure on 3-party pressure, peace-building, so that ethiopia cease no longer to war.
 a fire broke out today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce the bill in 2004.
 the people of kosovo should not be allowed to slip away from the past, while the communities should encourage them in the future.
 ladies and gentlemen should not forget that these are public funds.
 on the contrary, the university degree in local universities will increase in the coming year.
 i have recently visited the population in various sectors.
 it shall be immediately submitted to the prosecutor or the person to submit a copy of these written statements.
 mr. qinong said that james soong will arrive at the 1 station at the 1 station on may 5.
 the committee also notes that additional information was made during the consideration of the report.
 a major train explosion occurred in the north korean region of north korea, north korea, north korea.
 the activities of the special rapporteur is also included in the activities of civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and journalists.
 i do not agree with the need for the people of hong kong to do so.
 international trafficking in human beings also involve other areas, including apparel, agriculture and construction industry.
 i do not believe in itself, but i often hear religions.
 therefore, in the case of the sar government, i am afraid that only the chinese government will be eligible for the future sar government.
 we need carefully assess the impact of the elections to the administration and the legislative council.
 okay, thank you, mr. qiu zhenhai.
 as a matter of fact, we have partly implemented some of its provisions, particularly on the basis of mine-clearance activities.
 he noted that the volume of trade in latin america was 12 per cent per year.
 the number of unemployed persons was reduced to 19.30000, but also for the first time for the first time.
 in 2004, the import and export bank of the united states provides financial assistance from the united states to $ 17800000000 in the world.
 two informal meetings will be held on thursday, 5 june and on thursday, 6 june.
 at present, the government is considering the law to take legal action on pollution of the old premises on the old premises.
 the proposal was proposed to establish 36 posts in the operation and 18 posts, and additional 18 posts were paid by the support of the support.
 in taiwan, his " 3 path " is the main reference for chen shui-bian's " new route ".
 right, with respect to double-eded swords, we have some charts of charts, uh, uh.
 in addition, the transport department has increased daily raids on the spots on the spot, which will increase from eight to 12.
 as for political and religious freedom, not only in the constitution, not only in the constitution, but also written in the constitution.
 i would like to draw the attention of members of the council to the central african republic of the central african republic.
 if i wish to take part in the event, the conference was 255 rooms in the us congress of the us congress.
 the records shall be subject to 3 years following the completion of the record.
 there has been a reduction of 20000000 people in china.
 a large number of bangkok people are ready to take place in the bangkok centre in bangkok.
 we fully support the statements made by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives of the united nations.
 during the period, taxis in urban areas can be set up in the urban area as well as carparks at the junction of yuen long.
 the transfer of conventional arms transfers of the united nations is a transparent measure between the sovereign states, between sovereign states.
 according to the latest figures, some local employers have continued to streamline their manpower because of economic growth in economic growth.
 it needs social consensus.
 such punishment applies only to the citizens of the czech republic, but did not receive the status of refugees.
 when i went to my children, i am deeply concerned about a very serious and very serious matter.
 the human rights and the rights of the people of africa also participated in the international seminar.
 the study of gender differences and inequality affecting the diversity of gender differences is also not sufficient.
 according to the conservative estimate of the biological engineering engineering centre and the environmental protection bureau, these technologies are potentially potential for us$ 1000000000.
 the government announced today (december 22) the appointment of 12 members of the labour advisory board (bb) for a period of two years from january to january.
 the 3 category is to pay particular attention to the elderly.
 " in the east asian region, the financial surplus of the east asian region should also be used. "
 the swd has been contacted with the family, to provide psychological counselling to the family.
 the maximum cost of accommodation paid by the state is a maximum of 80 per cent.
 these developments have further exacerbated the strategy of the post-cold-war era.
 there are some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in west timor.
 there are almost no local people, and resources have already been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign forces have been invited to evacuate the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to improving the recruitment, salary, training, training and management of the prisons, equally applicable to the staff of the prisons.
 " the checkpoint also found that the installation of the bridge will be available to traffic, public utility facilities and other items.
 now, after almost 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been reflected in a number of international conventions.
 there are rooms for the department's office and the second floor of the building.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters were deployed before the 1 round of balloting.
 what we wish hong kong will always be a sunny of sunny, the air and prosperity and prosperity and prosperity.
 for a long time, there has been a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong.
 therefore, we first emphasize that the nuclear powers had been made to the conclusion of the comprehensive test-ban treaty in 1996.
 in contrast, the united states's largest internet service has been maintained only every 20 user users.
 since the opening of opening-up and opening-up, small and medium-sized enterprises have made an important contribution to achieving a strategic and social stability strategy.
 in my country, as a result of climate warmer and so, it will be 5 to five or 60 centimeters.
 i hope that in the course of today's meeting, the secretary-general will be able to celebrate this hall in this hall.
 <unk> there is no provision to allow the guardian of the guardian of the guardian to give up the right of guardian.
 for example, the agreed measures agreed to include the citizens of the countries of the region of the countries of the countries of the region.
 it's hard to say that he is a friend of friends.
 mr howard young: madam president, the employment of workers, employment and employment difficulties have caused some time for some time.
 " even if you enter taiwan taiwan, you should not give up the performance of " play ".
 otherwise, the draft articles will be lost in the draft articles.
 as a result, the average inflation rate of inflation last year has increased considerably.
 it is to say that the number of graduates in hong kong's mainland and taiwan's school graduates have access to the use of drugs and antibiotics.
 the current age of these greek cypriots is 66 years old.
 on the weekend, there were also the same forecasts on the weekend.
 the project also allows more public to know the relevance of cultural diversity and the relevance of such diversity.
 given a large number of applications, the government is now studying whether there is a need to increase the number of loans.
 the above-mentioned assets were carried out on the basis of the code of criminal procedure, and the judge chaired by judges.
 judging from this, it is the only way that students ' death <unk>
 provision of basic medical supplies are provided on the basis of a standard of medical medical medical supplies.
 it is not only a redistribution plan.
 on this subject, the conference sought to remind attention to the attention of a person or maimed by anti-personnel landmines.
 at the end of the neighbouring islands, there was only a few crafts of crafts and crafts.
 motorists are advised to follow in accordance with the traffic instructions and follow-up to police officers.
 as a result of this conclusion, it has been surprising that legal advisers had been subjected to the lack of proper conduct for the defence of defence counsel.
 the government of benin is considering the possibility of expanding the material or individual scope of the existing social security system.
 they have lost their lives in their lives, which affect their activities, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and a number of developing countries.
 after the implementation of this scheme, many colleagues will expect the first time on lifelong learning.
 he said that he was subsequently hideed by his father after his written complaint.
 other officers from the bureau of narcotics bureau also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 as a matter of fact, low-level employment opportunities for low-level skills has been the only local service sector.
 the project indicates that the current small-scale funding approach is based on the previous policy experience and performance of credit subsidy.
 just now, mrs miriam lau said that the " charter for youth " is " chartered ".
 the three men were arrested for conspiracy to deceive the woman.
 they should be open for the development of monetary, financial, trade and other macroeconomic policies and to implement a gradual market market.
 in the context of international moral and international law, it is impossible to support the united kingdom and the united kingdom to war against iraq.
 the concept of real development should contain full respect for all the universal acceptance of human rights.
 state practice shows that the length of the right to choose the option of the right of option is very large.
 the islamic state of afghanistan earnestly looks forward to the agenda of the security council, which will also be re-examined to review its deliberations.
 countries have achieved a large reduction of the population of poverty, although the asian economic crisis has caused a setback.
 as a result, the countries of a number of funds had not been denied financial resources.
 recognition of the role of neighbouring countries in the security and the economic sphere.
 " the security council expresses its deep concern at the deterioration in the situation in the territory and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the 9 temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department have been closed today (february 5).
 to this end, the goal should be made to achieve the goal of many generations to work together.
 koi-chuen found that, development, manufacture and marketing of the sale, manufacture and sale of a large number of world products.
 as a result, the veinin veinin also arrived at the scene.
 the secretariat analyses a number of missions survey data, which verified the rates proposed by the secretariat.
 if it is necessary to meet the floods of the northwest new territories, we must implement shenzhen river works.
 capitalism in no legal and ethicist capitalism often leads to drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption.
 as the 1 work of the emperor's work, chen yin's 1 work of the emperor's work.
 the other one-way spaces in the south-east of the province could be shortened to around 40 minutes.
 the report on the deterioration of the economic situation in the palestinian territories was a reflection of the situation in the palestinian territory.
 <unk> not to make a large amount of cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 were killed and 38 individuals were burned to death.
 the working group and the rights of minorities in the working group, together with international human rights services, has been dealt with in 1997.
 a total of 28 officers of the department of immigration officers raided 7 target units in sham shui po, sham shui po.
 it is therefore desirable for the contracting authority to consider measures that may need to be taken into account.
 the developed and developing countries, as well as the economic growth of countries with economies in transition, are particularly significant in the developing countries.
 according to the same sources, more than 800 were alleged to have been killed by the people of nepal (the maoistist) against the police.
 under article 22 of a legal law, it was decided that " guilty of the offence of terrorist activities, under existing legislation.
 sir, after the closure of the landfills of the jordanian landfills next year, the problem will be resolved next year.
 over 200 million children were killed in the 1990s, with more than 600,000 permanent disability or serious injuries.
 this is a great help to development. "
 basically, this is a tangible responsibility for the government's development in the north-western side.
 the department will be satisfied if they have not been able to improve or result in the failure of the department to be satisfied with a warning letter.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a source of concern.
 in addition, we have once again been one of the most competitive economies of the world's greatest and most competitive economies.
 the highways department today (july 20) signed a total value of $ 68000000 worth of us$ 68000000 worth of us$ 68000000.
 i have to see the hong kong legislation in order to refer to the basic law.
 thirdly, in the field of non-traditional cooperation in non-traditional security.
 from june to july this year, most of the major trades and underemployed conditions remained stable.
 it is not easy if this is not easy but if there is a quota system.
 in addition, australia is actively participating in the negotiations for the suppression of international conventions for the suppression of international terrorism.
 the regulations will be subject to the effective implementation of the scheme, together with the factories and industrial operations operating in the operation.
 the letter will not be able to improve the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya and will only give rise to the contrary.
 we firmly believe that the report of the secretary-general contains the right framework for the united nations in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the number of persons in the world are in the world.
 we look forward to co-operation with the industry in this regard.
 the state party submits that the same purpose should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the cause of the conflict in dararf is a dispute between the cads in the area of crops in crops.
 the amendment has been reserved for the future development of the fire services department and open space facilities.
 otherwise, the international community may not have no choice, but only from liberia.
 a study on the details of the new studies will also be provided to improve the skills and skills provided by the chinese people.
 the winds of the winds of the winds of the threy and time-to-spelled waves from time to swimulate.
 in fact, according to the jurisdiction of the garrison, the proposed practice of the garrison act is almost the same.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of the establishment of the resource centre for the judiciary is not to be encouraged to defend themselves.
 the chairpersons of the joint meetings would like to express the usefulness of the discussions and take follow-up actions on the recommendations of the recommendations.
 in addition, we will also review the review of the district boards in 2003.
 the secretariat located in 1 avenue, which is located at 1 avenue, is restricted to a special labelling vehicle on 1 avenue.
 on the other hand, the villagers are confronted with the pressure of the village for three years.
 the institute for institutes of el salvador was established as a agency for land transfer plan, which is the result of the peace agreement.
 according to the information provided by the information, the advisory committee did not oppose these posts.
 anyone who has information on the girl's relatives or the girl is urged to call mong kok police station at 2398 629.
 in 1997, the institute of the institute had designated a formal documentary body to improve the quality and upgrading of productivity programmes.
 this morning, we have little time to focus on two issues in which i would like to focus on two issues.
 to that end, the importance of education and education is a necessary means and means to promote social development.
 the ruf is not the army, and it affirms that it is not the command of the forces of the army.
 the field asset control system is designed for a series of audits to the assets of the united nations assets, which is at the end of the initial procurement.
 it is not possible.
 for security reasons, in order to protect the environment, these material need to be unexploded or non-existent, without radioactive, non-democratics and no chemical reactions.
 as a result of the 14 century, it was already in the common law system.
 worse still, the threat of destruction of the destruction of nuclear weapons has been rooted in the minds of many people.
 in the village, the village is all scared.
 armed conflict in durarar region began in february last year.
 it is part of the international protection of human rights as part of the international protection of human rights, in particular respect for a pluralistic system.
 the procedure of the commission is confidential, in accordance with the rules, any documents or addresses in accordance with rule.
 however, with the gradual recovery of the economy, we believe that the future hong kong people will pick up again.
 the so-called choice is the choice of whether or not.
 efforts will continue to be made, but will be a challenge for the long term.
 they want to reintegration in order.
 at that time, governor patten is continuing to work in the preparatory process.
 asianet daily summary-press releases for release 16 november 2001 sydney, 16 november 2001.
 it may be disappointed, however, that only one accused had so far been sent to the tribunal.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be coordinated with the role of the court in order to ensure the independence of the latter.
 the loss of life, especially the children of children, is always sad and sad, that sadly than ethnic and religious boundaries.
 the table includes $ 50000.
 the world economy has taken place in recent years.
 these guidelines are set up on the website of the buildings department and has been distributed to all management companies and owners ' corporations.
 they were of the view that they had to be used as technology technology, which is at the level of scientific sciences.
 while the member states requested the representative of the united states, its progress is being hampered by the shortage of resources.
 at 3 p.m. local time, a bomb in the vicinity of a car bomb in the city of the city of the city of the city.
 the senior security officer of senior officials at the session of the session, as well as individuals, will be sent to the united nations security security and security service.
 the latest map and the new obtainable images have been obtained to rescue agencies.
 the plan comprises 15000000 citizens, including students, men, women and children, no gender discrimination.
 the united nations peacekeeping force and other united nations bodies, however, carried out mine-action activities in its mandate.
 the royal government of cambodia has provided legal protection to hiv <unk> aids in cambodia, and protect the human rights of these people.
 as a result, once again, the housing department will be able to go to the housing department for some time again.
 the drop-out rate of secondary schools is still higher than boys in secondary and university in secondary and university.
 there are no less than a staggeration between the anti-bian and two sides of the maelili conflict.
 there are no difficulties in the establishment and access of such private schools.
 i cannot imagine that it had changed her decision because of his experience.
 when motorists have accumulated up 8 minutes, it will be received by the transport department.
 it is in the hands of the united states, that he er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er.
 chairman of the national bank of the world bank of the world bank.
 if senior government officials are interested in investment, it is not as so as so as so as so as so.
 it should also take into account the dissemination of changes over the past decade, particularly globalization and new technologies.
 some could not say, yes, yes.
 cuban sugar quotas have been proposed to be abolished in the united states market.
 however, in the longer term, the government still intends to open the recruitment candidates.
 in addition, 3 children have been released, but the next day of the next day is also required.
 mr bon-wen has been speaking in the modernization of the hong kong sar trademark legislation.
 the more voters, the more voters, of course, is very representative.
 a distance of 400 kilometres of ballistic missiles between 400 kilometres of ballistic missiles at a distance of 13 minutes.
 if he is not enough enough, i believe it will be more likely to be a rest.
 this practice is obviously the administrative officer.
 in december 1963, the armed attack on the turkish cypriot population was a campaign against the turkish cypriot community.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that it should also include models of the model.
 we are investigating the canadian authorities to understand the details of the case in the court hearing.
 the chinese delegation expresses its appreciation to the work of the work of the work of the topic.
 no one has to turn him.
 with regard to the precarious status of the marriage situation, she asked whether there had been no study for the identification of family division.
 the fact is that the earth is worse than the previous year.
 the government announced today (april 20) the appointment of members of the commission on innovation and technology advisers on innovation and technology advisers.
 he will carry out major reforms in the securities and futures markets and to enhance the supervision of the banking sector.
 as a result, the attention of non-governmental organizations and other important groups have been encouraged to participate in the activities of non-governmental organizations and other important groups.
 the delegation said that the majority of this is the result of external force, not to control groups and individuals.
 " this accomplishments the dedication and constant efforts of each of the colleagues in the past and the present member.
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to improve the standard of living of children and to improve the quality of children, parents will pay certain costs on the basis of household income.
 however, further efforts have to be made in order to improve the results of the work done by the state authorities.
 it cannot be allowed to implement those criminal acts, subsidized or in other ways to support those criminal acts.
 on july 26, he was able to see a security guard on sha tin to see a security guard by a security guard.
 the council believes that he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their own actions.
 under the traditional business environment, the marketing officer can only take care of him to take care of him or to contact the customers.
 article 54 of the constitution stipulates that foreign expatriates in territory shall be protected in accordance with the law of the territory.
 the member states of the european union have been consistent with the instructions taken by the european union on 6 june 2000.
 the pfp is rather anger and immediately followed by the press conference.
 it reaffirms the importance of the treaty on the limitation of anti-ballistic missile systems.
 the performance of the developed countries in the region continued to be disarmed by the japanese economy.
 it is unrealistic for others to save themselves.
 in addition, it is still to be able to buy a knife with the gysys.
 it has been a six-year-old troupe in the fishing sector, but the fisheries sector has been able to do so.
 despite the condemnation of the international community, the security council adopted numerous resolutions, a multi-ethnic, multicultural and religious society.
 the hkma will implement regulatory functions in accordance with the supervision and criteria for the supervision of the supervision by the sfc.
 the fleg's return was made back to sample samples.
 we would like to see that the university of peace is a truly universality and to assume a truly global mission.
 the population is estimated to be an important parameters of predictions and projections, for both private and commercial sectors.
 more than five years ago, friends are invited to participate in the chinese lunar new year.
 the united states government recognizes the diplomatic immunity of cuba's diplomatic bank in cuba.
 secondly, the rule of adjudication shall be paid to a mandatory instrument of adjudication.
 in the competition, students had to cope with the accident, such as power cuts, blacks, black attackers, the installation of equipment and fans.
 we are currently considering the views of the industry and the implementation of the recommendations.
 staff members also visited undcp in thailand, thailand and china.
 the bill does not mention a particular reference to the use of the credit company with a company or a company.
 it is also strange to say that chinese people would like to think that the names of the names of the name is so big.
 the department of health of the department of health has provided health education to members of the family and to carry out disinfection in his home.
 i would like to talk about the issue of post-conflict peace-building in the light of the current situation in the country.
 the representative of non-governmental organizations had also suggested that the high commissioner should take the initiative to take care of the recommendations proposed by the special rapporteur.
 in the context of the necessary action, we refuse to go to the ones on a single side.
 we are discussing the process of the question of palestine issues in the middle east question.
 if members of the council have agreed to do so.
 these include threats to the concept of sovereign sovereignty, which has been driven by the technology.
 the maintenance of world security and peace cannot be taken from the development of the international community.
 a number of state of emergency in lima has once again been extended on 15 december.
 several days after the occupation of mazar-sharif, the authorities began to transfer prisoners to other detention sites.
 the unique nature of missiles made them very useful in the use of threats, deterrence, defence, self-defence and revenge.
 the government's consistent policy is to maximize the support platforms as far as possible.
 in addition, there were 106 private care centres in private care centres, and there are 106 private care centres.
 during this incident, both sides have taken military action, but the front-line situation has not changed.
 in addition, the general assembly also designs a number of new interesting games.
 but the relevant departments will take immediate action to the relevant departments.
 the commission's experts can make a new image with the recent images of new images and the recent images of the commission.
 the estimates of the local employing staff is a 10 per cent vacancy factor.
 from coal to the use of natural gas from coal to natural gas, the use of emissions and carbon dioxide emissions.
 the works will commence early next year and is expected to be completed in early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, large-scale agencies have a unit of more than 100 or more or more or more employed in other sectors.
 in accordance with article 23 of the criminal code, article 23 of the criminal code, penalties are below the maximum limits of an offence.
 the general assembly has recently adopted resolution 56<unk>282 of resolution 56<unk>282, from the list of non-self-governing territories.
 mr. wang (china) (china) (china) (spoke in chinese): on 23 july, the kingsan king hasansan ii of morocco.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed rwanda's operations in rwanda, and other 5 suspects were arrested.
 of these, 63 are implemented by non-governmental organizations, while the rest of the rest were host.
 in conclusion, i would like to refer to the two spain's particular concern.
 there will be no one in the light of the vehicle.
 secondly, the capacity of the small and medium-sized enterprises (the " smes ") is inadequate.
 <unk> 8 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 more than 2,000 pots of africans in hong kong will be displayed at the hong kong stadium in hong kong from 13 to 16.
 the survey will cover the living standards of the entire territories, particularly in poverty, and in particular, in the context of poverty.
 one of the ones of the attention is one of the new brands of the new games this year.
 in 1993, hong kong had abolished the abolition of the death penalty in 1993.
 it is also known to know that he was voidious to me, the next and other disorders.
 15 catholic catholics and international charitable organizations, and many of his staff, were said to have been executed in dili.
 in particular, he was particularly concerned that the legislation had been revised in 1999 to provide more investigations into power and the independence of competition management.
 the ministry of foreign affairs of china and south korea was held in beijing.
 he will feature a keynote speech in the hong kong trade development council and the french association of france.
 the international community can co-operate with each other.
 on 19 january 2001, the ministry of finance submitted a response to the procedural order of 19 january 2001.
 he said: " the government's primary goal is to stabilize the property market, and the property prices will not have big property prices. "
 just now, mr lau ping-sung has just said that if you have to apply, i would like to inform you <unk>
 the sponsor delegation said that the text of the proposal can be found in the context of article 10 to 14 and 22 of the charter.
 in any case, it is essential that the country must start to collect the data on the stockpiling and production of history.
 attention should be given to the data contained in these tables, which is the benefit of undp from various bodies.
 i remember that some people have used a lot of people, such as " those responsible ".
 i believe many people do not agree with this view, but it will in principle oppose the road departure tax.
 in accordance with the contract stipulated that the transport <unk> transport issues must be agreed with all those in the region.
 the armed forces of angola also took over the attack in the southern part of the country in the southern part of the country.
 if we decided to extend the plan, we intend to prove to prove that trade-related problems have been affected by the problem of labour-related problems.
 they have adopted a german cycling train. the cost of speeding at a speed of $ 8000000000.
 in 2001, the court received a renounction of the government of the people's republic of china with a view to the government of the people's republic of china.
 such work is still subject to divisions, and there is a need to take into account and approval.
 police will take special traffic arrangements on hong kong island on january 6 to be held in order to take place.
 the private universities also provide relief fees for tuition fees under the students.
 improving the relationship between us and egypt, as well as the resumption of multilateral negotiations, is essential for further achievement of all peoples of our region.
 his strength was very strong, and he was in a position that he would feel that he will be sensible.
 a number of police officers will be asked by a number of police officers.
 although it was indicated that those were sold by a german company to be sold by a german company through a german company.
 it welcomes the ratification of ukraine as a non-nuclear-weapon states to ratified the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons.
 israel has also continued to be open to the tunnels of the al-qua al-ssa mosque in al-sharif.
 in fact, after the new year's new year's holiday, the tourism council did not receive any complaints from visitors.
 " i believe you will become an important asset in the two places. "
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has carried out depreciation to the latter into force.
 therefore, if you have a lot of concern about the rights of the demonstration, i agree that we should not be able to do so.
 the private car immediately hit the scene to tai kok road near tai kok street.
 although the evidence is based today, they are still in defence, saying that they have no " turn ".
 governments have adopted various ways to control these monopolies.
 however, it must be noted that, in view of their different roles and mission, it is not appropriate to consider the performance of their respective institutions.
 i believe that it will also affect the future.
 the political infections of the environment, which is in the first place of the environment, has not been able to make the level of development assistance.
 " our immunization system is like the army as the army is the same as the army.
 both citizens and voters are very high.
 this led to the decline in the groundwater in the gaza strip and led to salt water from the sea.
 in my view, we have this weekly demonstrated the determination of this assembly to demonstrate our common defeat of this international health.
 i am also grateful to the secretary-general and appreciation for the secretary-general to thank the secretary-general for his deliberations today.
 we need to perform this international responsibility.
 for its part, argentina has been able to sacrifice democratic democracy after decades of political instability.
 the west of the west-west of the west is a legendary legend.
 this is a major change in which we are well known to everyone.
 in fact, it is an important part of the united nations to participate in the work of the sea.
 in history, there is no other child in history.
 " it's the whole of the whole continent and brings brightness to the peoples of the people. "
 as the chairman of the new advisory committee, i shall be able to build on a good basis for a new ad hoc committee on a good basis.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to become a means of moral means to act as a means of virtue of the international community.
 in recent years, the seizure of cocaine seizures of cocaine seizures were seized in the year 2000.
 to that end, pakistan supported mexico's proposal to give serious consideration to the request of the international court of justice to the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (ozp) has issued detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the industry scheme.
 he was then taken away by a police vehicle when he was taken away by a police vehicle in a police vehicle.
 with regard to the environment, international efforts should be carried out in a more effective and more substantive manner.
 the secretary-general has already put forward the direction of the united nations.
 it is also necessary to make it more clear to determine the user's user and evaluation results.
 mr chan kam-lam said that he was a shorter statement than my short, but i am now going to speak more than him.
 lithuania also attaches great importance to the role of other international forums in the fight against terrorism.
 the united states of the united states of the united states had overthrown the decision of the district court of the district court.
 with regard to this point, over 150000 internally displaced persons and in the northern part of kagaa province, over 150000 in the northern part of kagaa province.
 a part of the international group had had to go from city at the end of july.
 in response to the present economic situation, we also urge the government to consider the feasibility of reducing the feasibility of pre-employment training courses.
 at the best, i can only go to the local saying that the government is only a party to do so.
 at present, the operating budget for the operating budget is: unhcr receives less than $ 40 per year.
 other words, at 31 december, should receive 10 per cent of the payment for a 10-year-old amount to be set up for the replacement of exchange rates.
 the views and mrs. president.
 the world trade conference will be held in seattle, and could be a forum for a forum.
 the 1 issue of the above-mentioned 1 issue is the basic capacity of primary and secondary students, university graduates and professional groups.
 therefore, if there is a more rich and more equitable expression, it is untrue.
 regular <unk> amp; quot; <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 any person affected by the project may be submitted to the secretary of the town planning board on february 24, 2000.
 the hong kong progressive alliance for the ordinance is basically in favour of the specific provisions of the ordinance.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports was upgraded to 2<unk>3 and colombian's imports.
 a recent example of the recent example is to construct a module court in sha tin building, involving integrity in country parks.
 the summary records of the various types of projects are contained in article 11 of the model model law.
 the chief executive chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyors, the chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyors, will be held at the workshop.
 the 12 teenagers arrested in june 15 was also released on bail pending further enquiries.
 in all possible, it has been reported to the ministry of foreign affairs of israel, but no progress has been made.
 the regional security system has expanded its ability to collect information on anti-terrorist activities in the caribbean region.
 she also wished to know what the choice of non-governmental organizations, they provide information and information on the use of the commission.
 in order to protect consumers ' interests, i would like to raise this motion debate.
 turkey supports the director-general of the director-general to enhance the policy of representatives, but the country should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 at the same time, 15 different countries of different countries.
 as a result of the signing of the treaty, there is a request for legal assistance in accordance with the provisions of the treaty.
 these realities must be addressed to ensure that, or at least, most of them are able to return to their homes.
 there should be no change in the list of states that are not short and direct victim continues to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to the honourable tam yiu-chung's motion.
 as to the underemployment rate, the decline in the construction industry and the transport industry and the transport and transport industry.
 as a result of budgetary constraints, some restrictions have been made to the costs and expenditure of lawyers.
 this is an exception to the duration of a period of time-of-the-clock exceptional measures.
 at the weekend of weekends, on the weekend, the next class will be taken up to the children of the children, and traffic is also under way.
 the bank does not want to think that the government instructed banks to deal with their business.
 for enquiries, please call on tel: 246119; <unk> 9 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 therefore, the taiwan strait can take a study on a unit.
 in section 1 to 201 of the criminal code of the georgian penal code, the procedure for the assets of assets (on bank accounts) are detailed.
 " in addition to the case, we also believe that there is a need to extend the necessary training to training and traffic.
 since the establishment of the united nations since the establishment of the united nations, albania has been one of the most sad and sad dictatorship of the continent.
 we are not in favour of pressure on a solution to the north korean nuclear issue.
 then you will ask why i did not say that they will join you. they will not say that you will not allow you.
 he was released a few days after the indian army was detained.
 investigations by accident investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are proceeding.
 finland will participate actively in the efforts of the conference to adopt a global and effective treaty to stop the spread of anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, article 13 to 18 should be considered by reference to the international institutional system for more specific activities.
 1970-1975 counsellor of the soviet embassy in italy.
 legal codes should be developed to formulate a code of ethics in the areas of conflict zones.
 the preconditions should be of fairness, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is yes.
 all these two sale arrangements are not yet available for sale at the hos scheme, the spokesman added.
 in the same period, there were 5500 people in hong kong, compared with 322000 deaths.
 however, i have established it, because the handling of this issue reflects the history of the balkans and the people of the balkans.
 when we talk about the future of hong kong, the chinese side said: " the chinese government is doing so. "
 more than any other group, they need family, social and government care and care.
 it has been reported that, in other parts of the area, the food area had been exported in other places, and then reintegrated food.
 with regard to the choice of their children's name, luxembourg proposed reservations at the time of ratification of this convention.
 they also discussed the discussions and agreed to prevent arms into the country.
 from short-term perspectives, the government should seriously discuss with the industry carefully and listened to their views.
 some of the victims who have been killed over the last decade.
 chen kuang-yu says, " all copyrights have been sold in taiwan.
 the overall plan has been focused on assisting girls and women's self-esteem.
 he strongly reiterated that, the management and palau is determined to maintain an environment and culture in the maintenance of palau.
 on july 28, 1928, the ccp <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 to promote chickens, there are a number of staff with the farmer and the farmer of the farmer.
 the advisory committee requested a copy of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum of understanding.
 in this context, the committee endeavours to understand the full behaviour of iraq.
 the special rapporteur visited rwanda.
 people who are concerned about the fighting.
 the main reason for the unutilized balance of the unpaid balance was to terminate the programme.
 in addition, as a member of the international donor country, we will continue to provide direct contributions to the palestinians directly.
 activities of scientific research and practical applications should be strengthened.
 according to the basic law, all permanent members of the hong kong special administrative region will enjoy the election and the power of election.
 the bulk of the 40 enterprises of the services industry amounted to $ 216000, creates or saved 79 work.
 in early june, members of the council participated in the draft response to the nuclear tests carried out by india and pakistan in may.
 i take this opportunity to thank the country, international organizations and the united nations itself to provide assistance to our country.
 we have to persuade the friends of entrepreneurship: it's understandable that their lack of inadequate and honest.
 the storm has also caused hong kong as a result of the storm, which is a very painful period of painful adjustment.
 ah, as the landscape of the landscape is closed yesterday.
 after a protest protests, some people were emotionally alerted, and the police stopped the blockade on the blockade.
 the work programme for the establishment of trade points (see annex 4) was set out in recent years.
 i think the most important thing is to respect the civil service and allow them to discuss with you.
 the committee expresses its concern about the impact of the pension system, which had been influenced by the impact of the pension system.
 (c) the commander of the force office: as a result of the dissemination of information transmitted by the office, there is two local level posts.
 as a matter of fact, it has been decided to reduce the increase in the world economy and international trade.
 the department of development, ministry of development, department of development and family support services have already been launched, the national family day, exhibition day, exhibitions and similar activities.
 the gizmon gizmondo said: " the exhibition is extremely successful.
 the international community should take the same emphasis on the same status as the same emphasis on equity, equal and equal attitude.
 despite some obvious difficulties, these positive developments have shown that conflict prevention is a strategic strategy that is under way.
 in annex iii to the joint declaration, it is also considered in article 122 of the basic law.
 he then kicked me.
 united states dollar deposits increased slightly by 0.6<unk> in july to november, after 17 per cent in december.
 the committee wished to know about the findings of the incident.
 however, women's ability to participate fully in society clearly depends on the economic and social resources of the economic and social resources.
 many of the discussions of the general assembly and the committees are clearly reflected in the issues of common concern for all the whole of mankind.
 it must end their despair and suffering.
 " we will strive to preserve all the important elements of hong kong's success. "
 in view of the above-mentioned positions, the chinese side proposed a reasonable solution.
 after all, only 1230000000 us dollars are used to purchase humanitarian goods.
 the rent indices in the consumer price index reflects the changes in the rent of the households in hong kong.
 such an approach has focused on whether it will be able to return to the original resentment.
 in his view, the preparatory work for beijing's olympic games and the success of the beijing olympic games will certainly be successful in 2008.
 the committee has considered the key issues of productive employment in their years in february this year.
 on the part of the economy, we will face a general assessment of the situation in the face of the economy.
 the protection of the maternity protection ordinance in 2000 also prohibits pregnant women from eight to 21 weeks.
 paraguay, paraguay, has a significant improvement in the river transit corridor as 2 important transport routes to road transport.
 welcome everyone to see.
 the financial secretary also agreed that the financial secretary agreed to show that it will continue to develop as soon as possible.
 on the part of the public, the importance of the general assembly is also very important.
 in most countries, the elderly population is far faster than the population population.
 at 2 am today (friday), a 45-year-old fire broke out in the fire. a 45-year-old man died in the fire.
 in addition, it was reported that the archives of the national archives were also robbed on 12 may 1994.
 i am deeply honoured to officiate at the opening ceremony of the chinese space science and technology exhibition.
 they are responsible for disciplinary discipline, as well as the united nations as the united nations.
 these recommendations have been made to the public's opinion in many years. "
 a police spokesman stressed: " two are ordinary letters, " he stressed.
 police appeal to members of the public to inform members of the public to contact investigating officers of the missing missing persons to contact investigating officers of the missing missing group.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review the system timetable for system-wide meetings.
 when he was a 74-year-old man, he was very good at all about 100 patients every day.
 this incident took place on the road near guytiti.
 in fact, the number of unemployed persons had a number of times.
 a number of industrial governments have already allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries to start its decision on debt.
 in the end of the century and this millennium, it has seen a great achievement of human beings.
 mr deputy president, after explaining the amendment, i would like to say a few words about this motion.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict is the civilian population.
 the 3 phase of the genetic revolution referred to as a revolutionary revolution.
 i believe it is important that the chinese government to draft drafting the basic law is more important to study the accuracy of the basic law.
 violations of these rights may be brought to the court's court.
 the united nations is the appropriate forum for dealing with many of the challenges.
 this provision provides for the growing growing needs of the iraqi people to meet the growing needs of the iraqi people.
 note: chinese charitable funds and chinese temples were set up shortly after enactment of the chinese temple ordinance.
 it is also difficult to distinguish between voluntary and compulsory recruitment of voluntary recruitment.
 i was the first page of the day on the day of the day.
 at the same time, it is expected that the inflation rate for the year is expected to be nearly 10 per cent in the year.
 mr ip said mr ip also mentioned that he had a lot of voters in the legal profession and the sino-british dispute.
 i also agree with the proposed amendments to the proposed amendments to a number of administrative provisions.
 i do not need to repeat them here.
 a number of recommendations, which will be submitted to the review committee for the review of the review committee.
 the system is a complex project, which will have a profound impact on the management of personnel, budget and financial work of the united nations.
 if you still have a lot of friends, they can't have a lot of business.
 in line with relevant measures, customs services department, the lands department and the planning department will conduct the above-mentioned verification work.
 mr. wang yinga (china) (spoke in chinese): i would like to congratulate you, like my colleagues, as chairman of the council.
 in addition, the military observers and civilian police are not able to ensure security.
 the objective of the text is to make a number of political options and rights to the countries concerned after the implementation of an internationally wrongful act.
 responding to the report, police officers were investigating the three rooms on march 27, following three rooms on march 27.
 they have to receive a sustained professional training, and their registration <unk> authority will be considered for renewal.
 the education department will be invited to take part in the allocation of schools in late february each year.
 however, the implementation of these technologies have been significant.
 originally, i also said that he was a bit of hesitated him.
 the contradictions in paragraph 3 in operative paragraph 3 is even more obvious.
 the minimum level of service will benefit from the benefit of every society.
 the view was expressed that the draft guide should address the remuneration of the representative of the insolvency representative.
 i just want to repeat the arguments earlier, i only hope you will be able to do so.
 in the absence of other speakers, the president shall announce that the debate should be put to an end.
 he said: " you can't be able to meet the darkness of human beings.
 i think that the level level should have to be taken up to the authorities in the future.
 the sisters of sisters are suffering from starvation and snow and snow and snow and snow.
 " we should continue to improve the quality of services, which is the expectations of society.
 it will be a major step forward in the future.
 it is now clear that the community is now strongly committed to the adoption of a bill of rights.
 in my view, the government is like " himself ".
 however, when the delegation went to new york, when the delegation went to new york, it has prevented them from air safety.
 " otherwise, the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia will slow significantly.
 the united kingdom believed that the court should be consistent with the criteria.
 in order to reduce funds within the short term, i think the government should take more active action to implement policies.
 the vienna convention on the law of treaties relates to the multilateral conventions and agreements, including the question of reservations of human rights treaties.
 myanmar opted for democracy: the government of myanmar has chosen the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is a genuine democratic state-oriented democratic state.
 it was also reported that, on 7 june 2000, the rwandan soldiers allegedly robbed the 7, including five children.
 " we will appeal as soon as possible, " he said.
 (b) the management of private land is the responsibility of land titles.
 this has enabled the poor more fragile.
 we also think that hong kong's cultural life is indeed an ideal city for a long stop stop stop. "
 in a number of countries, cross-border licences are governed by the customs and excise department, such as smuggling or breach of foreign exchange control.
 over 95<unk> of the tax and personal income taxpayers can be received within the next two weeks.
 we must be overcome, however, that we should seriously consider what japan must do.
 the preparation for the tenth anniversary of women in the sudan, welfare and social development is responsible for the tenth anniversary.
 he also served as the secretary of the secretary of the administrative committee and the chairman of the organization of the organization, and shall be accountable to the secretary-general.
 this exhibition is an end to the united nations permanent mission in cooperation with the department of public information.
 it is equally clear that life expectancy at birth is the differences (table 3 and chart 5).
 secondly, there is a balance between the administration and the legislature.
 even if the shelling is not public transport, there are no one's work in the streets.
 this year, after all, may be different.
 next, let us take a look at you for the bush government's policy in the past.
 in addition, members may observe the investigation investigations by the capo.
 i 'll let me <unk> i 'm <unk>
 despite the excellent financial performance, the structural adjustment rate has not been able to achieve its goals in the gross domestic product.
 right, there is a little difference.
 if we hope that the united nations is a very important position, we must have the united nations to have a step in a step forward.
 the financial secretary in his budget was referred to in his budget in his budget.
 the housing authority will be responsible for repair works and to bear the relevant expenditure on the ground.
 following the deputy president, i believe that this time i was the last meeting of the legislative council meeting.
 the spokesman said, " the number of industrial accidents and accident rates have been declining.
 the croatian police officers are also carrying out regular patrols and vehicle patrols in part-controlled areas.
 with regard to the three " fundamental issues ", mr cheung noted that the commission had misunderstandings about the education department.
 there is now more support for the united nations more than ever before.
 before the implementation of the registration scheme, the administration will consider careful consideration of all the views of the registration scheme.
 his excellency mr. martin lee, mr martin lee, for the advice of the advice, you are not appropriate to ask questions.
 as a matter of fact, the government has already been able to reduce the salaries of civil servants.
 in the evening, he will go to washington on the 10-day visit to the north american visit.
 exports from the united states of america from 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the web site is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session, in its 12 september 2001, the tribunal decided to submit the matter to the meeting of the states parties.
 in her her husband's her her husband shoes.
 152. even though there is a need to analyse the data and quantity of data, the analysis of the secretary-general's analysis is smaller.
 however, the report noted that, although the local market had food and particularly in the valley, the purchasing power of the people are extremely limited.
 the advisory committee agrees with this view and recommended that the current rate of 23.7 per cent rate is recommended.
 the outcome of the international community in the fight against terrorism should not be able to do so.
 the ad hoc group recognizes that " national security " is related to the interests of sovereign states.
 however, the current economic growth in hong kong has been growing in a number of countries.
 it should be done.
 the under-secretary-general has expressed its view to the scope of the time-frame for the commission.
 over the past 3 years, a large number of documents have proved that due to the lack of inadequate water supply.
 the treaty is restricted to the prohibition of nuclear explosions, without prohibiting nuclear explosions, nuclear weapons and the production of new weapons.
 they replied that they could not be able to host him as a result of urgency.
 as a whole, it is much better than that of its part.
 (b) the c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk>
 the people of the green paper is indeed a hu hu said.
 in 1993, 1993 has been appointed by china's appointment as a member of the arbitration board in 2000.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 the aim of priority for the long-term strengthening of national protection and the promotion of human rights and the infrastructure of infrastructure cooperation.
 the age group is about 5 hours per week per week.
 the phase of this phase would result in a single repayment rate for all other equipment and consumption.
 we must carefully use the use of international law as the most powerful.
 at present, the scale of science and technology has grown rapidly, and the world is speeding up to multipolarization.
 as well as the western museum of the chinese and western museums, there is also an important topic.
 it is not commensurate with the spectaneousness of the spectacity, and the spectacity of the depths of the depth.
 i have spoken on the response to the west african crisis.
 however, the most fundamental thing is that the angolans are truly committed to peace and national reconciliation.
 china's exporters and investors have grown significantly in the activities of the european union.
 there are few indications of the existence of sexual drugs.
 such seminars are very tired.
 on the other.
 these women have also been subjected to discrimination on different forms of remuneration, or to be treated in the labour market.
 (a) the economies of the economy more than 50 per cent of their economies are generally developed in general.
 today, saint lucia was the 1 time in history in history.
 at times, non-governmental organizations had tried to influence a government.
 this phenomenon is a product of a new system of a new system in other countries.
 there has been a number of original groups who have been unable to speak in 1988.
 however, with the restoration of a large number of refugee returns, the possibility of a large number of refugee returns will need to be sustained.
 in baghdad, a police officer was attacked by car bomb attacks, killing at least 5 people and 19 wounded.
 in the last few months, the police have been charged with human rights violations and other acts of criminal acts.
 his election was highlighted by his election, and his personal quality and in international affairs in international affairs.
 as the tourism industry is " people-oriented industries ", there is no need for the entire trade.
 at the time of the curb, 10 cm is required to be 173 pairs of thread and 133 pairs.
 in order to " scrap the word ".
 at the same time, the department has not been trained to deal with hawkers.
 in the non-corruption of security, the debtor should also be responsible for the responsibility of the debtor and the responsibility of the debtor.
 i am confident that these arrangements, especially mutual legal assistance and mutual legal assistance, will result in the future.
 however, we have not yet seen any meaningful progress in the urgency of urgency.
 during the vicinity, the explosion occurred in the vicinity, but there were no casualties.
 the council also started a new " mixed " conference, which is open to all members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo noted that all measures have been taken to ensure that they are not far from the future.
 as mentioned above, the section of the document did not mention the office.
 i accepted the constitutional secretary for constitutional purposes that some of the things are too close to the election.
 equitable wealth is equally important.
 the two vacancies have to be filled, and the meeting was resumed on the afternoon of the day.
 the carparks of the visitors centre will also be suspended.
 at present, the growth growth of clients portfolios continues to grow steadily, and the performance of the company's performance of the 500 industrial industry indices remained substantially.
 many people have been able to enjoy the facilities for carings, but they will not be able to pay a large amount of debts.
 in mid-july of this year, li was visiting japan in mid-july to japan in the 8 world conference.
 the 3 least developed countries will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the development plan of ma wan bay island.
 according to that commitment, france would report to the secretariat as soon as possible to the secretariat to report to the secretariat.
 the chairperson also stressed the full participation of the secretariat, including the preparation of background documents, direct participation in the preparation of background documents.
 we are fully aware of the tasks of the commission on human settlements.
 <unk> 1 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 the seventh is the well-being of happiness, and he has been satisfied with the satisfaction and love of love.
 " the " safety of the " safety of hong kong's occupational safety and health management " is a keynote speech.
 if you want to ask you, i would like to find you.
 the new advantages of hong kong's new hong kong new airport is the most advanced and other technical instruments.
 despite the limited economic difficulties of family resources, many small amounts could be able to make a large amount of funds.
 as to the contents of the draft articles, it was expressed that the contents of the draft articles are too complex and needed to be reduced.
 this is not only because we want to uphold the rule of law, as we want to preserve the rule of law.
 <unk> 15 <unk> the percentage of the resources allocated for programme resources for the biennium 2002-2003.
 as the secretary-general has said, all states are required to fulfil their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 of course, this author is not opposed to the promotion of university students.
 it was not until lin lin-lung was found to be found at the age of the age of 50.
 the israeli occupying forces have also destroyed the houses of a house and burnt the houses of a house and burnt.
 all those persons are advised to consult medical advice as soon as possible to diagnose diagnos and governance.
 child prostitution refers to the use of any other forms of remuneration, access or facilitating the use of children.
 these are not good achievements.
 meanwhile, the year-on-year increase in the value of orders in the metal products industry increased further by 2<unk>.
 it is equally important that african countries have a serious external debt problem with serious external debt, which accounted for 1<unk>3 of their export earnings.
 after many of the debates and for many years, we are now moving back to the start.
 in the economic and social council, 14 panels of the council are members of the panel, and its members are participating in the work of the working group, rather than states.
 in the field of experts, there is a more in-depth tactic training training.
 the entire project will be completed in 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen as a substitute for the north-south cooperation and should be seen as it complemented.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is being collapsed, and traditional family structures are taking place in traditional family structures.
 in order to ensure the quality of the quality of the school, the establishment of chinese language texts have been established.
 another argument said: " it's best to do it. "
 they are said to have been injured.
 although the delegation of ethiopia appreciated unctad's role in that field, the panellists only a number of interesting questions, and did not provide a solution.
 the united nations military contingent will assist those who might want to interfere with the democratization of the democratization process.
 however, there is a need to look at the trade, health and management of such policies as well as health, health and management.
 however, it was reported that the person had been transferred to the hospital authority to be transferred to the court, and then no whereabouts of the whereabouts.
 in order to avoid the specific interests of political parties, the election of political parties should be able to obtain strict control and maintain transparency.
 it is expected that it will be completed in 2000.
 i didn't imagine that sun yun-yen has experienced numerous waves of waves.
 the chairman of the small and medium-and medium-and medium-sized enterprises, mr chan wing-kai, followed the report to the chief executive in the morning of three working groups.
 asianet daily summary-press releases for tuesday, 20 november 2001 sydney, november 20, 2001.
 as a result of the history of history, the new territories in the new territories will only be regulated by collective officials.
 we welcome partnerships in these areas. "
 if you have computers, " you don't want you ", " you don't want you. "
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces seemed to be an insurgence of the iraqi security forces in iraq, regardless of whether the authorities or the local people are not.
 please look at watching the 5 series of new zealand's new zealand team, and innovations are innovative.
 the commission was included in the relevant provisions of resolution 1171 (1998) adopted on 18 june 1998.
 15. during the experimental system, it was suggested that the impact of the impact of an impact on both areas and to preservation.
 the national television broadcast on a number of programmes on this seminar, which will help to enhance the public awareness of this problem.
 if a person is 65 years old, there is a need for employment and income for more than the minimum wage.
 in general, the information will not be disclosed.
 he is making a strong commitment to the work of the law.
 the special rapporteur requested the agency to take the immediate review of the ordinance to be reviewed by the highest international standards.
 " it will be appropriate for the labour department to find suitable vacancies for non-resident graduates and assist them in employment. "
 as china has recently joined the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games, it is expected that two companies are expected to have a significant increase in the volume of communications.
 in recent years, one from the mainland university of hong kong came from the mainland in hong kong.
 as a whole, the existing system has played a balance of checks and balances.
 he said that if someone was stolen, it was also guaranteed if theft were stolen.
 the kosovo serb community participated in the elections and demonstrates the importance of their attention to the power of self-government.
 the mark was the headquarters of the ruf headquarters.
 to date, the " taipei ' dignity " signboards " signboard " is now on the door of the new painting room.
 this person asked not to disclose the names of the name, " the spokesman said: " the truth is entirely identical.
 born in new zealand in 1944, rice in new zealand, rice university of new zealand, rice.
 in the traditional market, two chickens are engaged in their business.
 details of the proposal, in both english and english, will be put up at a notice at the site at the site of the site.
 it is because the dpp has formed a new democratic progressive party.
 in the manufacturing sector, there is indeed a number of employees ' choice.
 the claimant provides credit guarantees for exporters and the contractor.
 with the help of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed national plans to implement the platform for action in various areas.
 the committee recommends that more attention be paid to the accuracy of the requirements.
 according to the health of health, the territory of estonia has the right to obtain medical care (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement is the most viable basis for conflict resolution.
 the national daily also quoted economists of the world bank's office in bangkok, " nobody knows how many of the costs. "
 in the present section, the chinese people's publishing press is published by the people of liaoning and liaoning people.
 madam president, today, the secretary michael suen has a " food ", and we don't stop him.
 when i might say, i might say some of the comparisons of the gripulous atmosphere.
 the annex contains comments on the above-mentioned statement contained in the annex to the statute of the international court of justice.
 after the performance, the viewers made a very enthusiastic response to members and staff.
 i can also describe some instances that some chronic diseases were sent to the hospital authority to respond to the hospital authority.
 it is necessary to amend the proposal to reflect the latest developments in kowloon, kowloon.
 actually, i have all along arrived in chongqing.
 the panel is in the process of supporting ensuring that gender issues are sensitive to gender issues in 2001.
 she enjoys all civil servants ' rights.
 all relevant departments will be involved, and the scheme involved activities to prevent the victims and victims of the victims.
 with regard to the obligation of the state party, the committee noted that, in some cases, reports were made to the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in general, 100 fighters can be deployed to approximately 15000 small arms.
 secondly, the situation has been lowered.
 we are first of the draft resolution, entitled draft resolution on the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded guilty to the daughter of his daughter.
 in addition, there are no cash in the current peacekeeping reserve.
 my delegation is also very grateful to the under-secretary-general for the under-secretary-general and the special representative of the special representative this morning.
 the decline in developing countries in the developing countries is likely to trigger financial instability.
 a international seminar was held on 24 and 25 june 1998 on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 as a result of the transfer of a banking licence, the number of banks in hong kong remained unchanged at 177.
 this has been attributed to a number of countries that have been achieved or not achieved in the past 5 years.
 the hiv <unk> aids pandemic is suffering from the suffering of children and orphans; the conflict has increased more than their suffering.
 in january this year, the secretary-general, mr. sergelei de mello, proposed that the strengthening of civilian police officers should be generally enhanced.
 it is our assessment that the conditions for return to sierra leone or liberia does not exist.
 young people account for 19 per cent of the african population, based on the growth rate of population growth in africa.
 at the same time, the situation has become more acute in hong kong and some countries, such as thailand, china, indonesia, indonesia and india.
 in the united states, a typical consumers in the united states spend more than 50000 advertisings.
 i think it must be borne in mind that the humanitarian situation of iraq must be borne in mind.
 this is a worthy of the themes of the public.
 the office of internal oversight services requested the department of disarmament to assist member states to make financial commitments to the political will of the member states.
 the financial position of our financial position is not good than the british. therefore, there is absolutely no need to keep back.
 on the last part of 2004, the image of laden was the last time in 2004.
 the 4 field is the establishment of a national institutions based on the rule of law.
 the council has set up a working group on waste reduction schemes, which is referred to by mr tam yiu-chung, chaired by mr tam.
 the honourable martin lee said the government did not respond to this matter. "
 mr hu was the day before the performance of his performance.
 the gross surplus of the business sector accounted for 17.2<unk> of the total receipts, representing a percentage point lower than in 1995.
 in post-conflict children, children take care of a society in society.
 the bosnian serb forces carried out the escalation of military attacks on civilian populations, and there are daily casualties.
 a spokesman for the department said that a total of 2424 visits in the field survey was completed during the two-week investigation period.
 the chickens were carried out by the chickens to test tests and test tests.
 he said that the secretariat would wish to board the executive board to continue to carry out these practices.
 the demilitarized demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres of the demilitarized zone, totalling 5 kilometres in kuwait and 5 kilometres in kuwait.
 all over 70 per cent of all children working in family service are girls.
 as a result, a number of measures have been made to ensure that the demand for female prisoners are met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolco).
 the 1 time of taiwan's 1 cruise in taiwan is also the result of the war.
 the central meteorological station is expected to affect north china south and south china.
 this section reviewed the reasons for the right to the right to food in the past.
 at the end of the 19 century, the cattle was seen by the hands of the colonial group.
 a revision of the criminal law and criminal procedure have been revised in order to implement national legal systems.
 there will be no appropriate legal sanctions on any person who had been engaged in arms manufactured in weapons, which would facilitate compliance with the authorization of authorization.
 the government and the business sector have begun a series of activities aimed at consolidating the international community's confidence in hong kong.
 however, the federal budget of the armed forces is too large and the federal budget cannot be maintained.
 after the dinner of the dinner, the hong kong ballet of hong kong ballets will show the hong kong ballets.
 speaking at the opening ceremony, the director of home affairs, mrs. director of home affairs, said: " all along, hong kong is a immigrant society.
 on 30 may, a new fighting took place in the north-west of the al-had al-hadou, abdullah, with the taliban.
 there is also a large quantity of data in the computer systems and a large number of major problems related to the fields and other related issues.
 this document will be in a voluntary basis for the members of the asean regional forum, which had the view that the security situation in the security situation has been significant and their awareness.
 every day, the soldiers said that the same day will be returned on the same day.
 " the longer the late implementation of the mpf system, the overall burden of the society will be better. "
 the committee was informed that the replacement of the vehicles from rwanda and the use of these vehicles are not cost-effective.
 on the contrary, they often see the people of the people as the enemy, and therefore, it is untrue for the people.
 the railway system is an integral part of the quality of transport systems.
 according to the provisions of the convention, the recognition of troop-contributing countries was an important partner in peacekeeping operations.
 i think this will be sorry that i am sorry.
 through this election <unk> it is fully ensured that hong kong is the rule of our assets.
 it appears that, despite the author's intention to use this procedure, they did not use this procedure.
 as a result of this strategy, it is not possible to comply with others. "
 in july, the results will be issued in july.
 johnson's works have now exceeded 1940s.
 however, madam president, the bill today has a great question to this council's bill to this council.
 he was arrested by the united states on february 3, following the arrival of the united states in new zealand.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, will present presentation of the future economy in 2003 and the future.
 economic also highly dependent on energy resources, particularly natural gas production and processing.
 some experts expressed the view that statistics have not been fully reflected in the size of the problem.
 therefore, we have to make a variety of bricks in different parts of different different regions.
 following the opening of economic reform, china's exchange rate system has a long time since the opening of economic and opening-up in china.
 in the context of the shanghai forum, it has been established in shanghai.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that its fundamental base has changed.
 we will continue to convince young people who have a very negative impact on the health of young people.
 as follows: in addition to religious books, there are few women in the social studies, philos, mathematics, agriculture and reading materials.
 the total revenue of the new year's stalls will be sold at $ 82025000 in a total of $ 82025.
 these provisions should be used to use the use of the public.
 the non-financed united nations operational rate of united nations operational costs in other currencies are calculated by historical cost.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we have more than two years of best service services in hong kong. "
 in the wake of the incident, i know that the doctors of the doctors concerned have expressed dissatisfaction with the parties concerned.
 the spokesman said: " the need for amendment to reflect the latest land use proposed by the north-east lantau port.
 this has forced negotiations at that stage.
 to that end, member states must have to pay their assessed contributions on time, full and unconditional payment.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 in the half a century, mankind live in fear of a sustained risk of dangerous danger.
 he said to be a member of the cabinet, which was established by the prime minister of cabinet.
 in all cases, it would be necessary to wait for the period 2003-2004, the longer the time will be done.
 there are no other groups that have been separated.
 the magnitude of the conduct is similar to a serious violation of article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 2. the important accounting policy for these financial statements apply to the summary of the financial statements to the financial statements.
 among them, there will be heavy rains in some places in the south of yunnan.
 on behalf of the government of the comoros and the people of the government of israel, i would like to express their condolences to the victims of the heroes.
 undp has not yet done a plan for undp trusting the structure of undp.
 the bureau of the bureau was chaired by the president of the state of mali, mali, mali and ukraine as vice-chairman of the delegations of mali.
 ohchr will promote the right to development in the right to development with strategic strategies, plans, policy and operational activities.
 the vocational training council is presently organized by the vocational training council, with an average of approximately 3000 candidates at an average of approximately 3000 candidates.
 after the culprit, the culprit returned to the employers to be sleeped by the culprit, and he was informed of the incident.
 the administration has already declared today's day.
 for example, in the 3 phase, there are already some purchases.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue, and should continue to work and employment.
 printing has been reduced by 30 per cent.
